what's up guys I'm Rob teaching you how
to do a 180 bar spin on a BMX bike today
so 180 bar spin being a bar spin while
you're doing 180 it's highly
self-explanatory so hopefully I'll help
you give you step-by-step instructions
and demonstrations and what you need to
do the trick or what will make the
process easier
so I hope it helps thanks for watching
ahead of time I guess
Jackson Krauser I met you in Fort
Collins and I think that's how you say
your last name this is for you so
something you men want but in no way
need are shin guards and if you haven't
already gotten shin guards then I would
recommend buying g-form shin guards
they're a really comfortable material
with really lightweight and they've
hardened on impact so when you just
press on them they're really soft but
when you get it there's solid and 50
bucks they don't look like they would do
anything
but by far the best shin guards I've
ever ridden and I've written my fair
share of shin guards so I definitely
recommend getting some of those
and you don't really need it but it's I
learned wearing like a tiger shirt
obviously this one's not very tight so I
don't really need anymore but I was
afraid that my bars would catch my shirt
so either scratch it out about that then
I would definitely wear something a
little tighter or like a jacket that
pulls it all in you're gonna need a
bicycle that you can ride preferably one
with handlebars first you have to know
how to 180
next we're gonna have to know how to bar
spin now when you're learning this trick
you're gonna want to pop your 180s a lot
higher than what I demonstrated
obviously because you want time to throw
the actual bar spin and also you're not
going to want to throw it first ride
you're gonna do some 180s and do this
sort of thing while you're in the air
when you throw the barsen you don't want
to be like perfectly level because when
you throw your bars and the front end
your bike will drop if you're like this
when you throw it you're gonna go
straight back if you miss otherwise
you're gonna land back heavy and
probably loop out so what you wanna do
is throw it about here because it's just
perfect for your weight and it's better
to land on your back first it'll absorb
impact and then you get a feel for like
the fakie it'll really help your speed
there and you land it with your back
first and set of your front so you won't
slip out I don't know
just don't like this best thing to do
after you catch the bars is stay really
calm because if you get like sketched
out you like you land and you get
excited you're like oh forget to fakie
then you got to do the whole thing over
again so really just you catch it in the
land just stay calm
pull the fakie out like just stay
relaxed because the whole thing like if
you just relax through it and act like
it's no problem it's gonna be no problem
just commit commitments everything in
BMX so
yeah let me demonstrate it